Added documentations for map-change event, zoomTo(), and extents (#161)
Maps4HTML/web-map-doc: docs/api/layer-api.md

let opacity = layer.opacity;
```

### extent

> Read-only.  Returns the upper left and lower right coordinates of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read-only.  Returns the top left and bottom right coordinates of the 
```

> Read-only.  Returns the upper left and lower right coordinates of the 

Reviewer: I think it would be good to keep the properties documentation consistent with how other properties are documented, for ex, for checked:
`HTMLLayerElement.checked is a boolean read/write value that`

let opacity = layer.opacity;
```

### extent

`HTMLLayerElement.extent` provides READ-ONLY access to the top left 
and bottom right coordinates of the layer's minimum bounding rectangle 
as an object value.

> ```console
> > let f = document.querySelector('map-layer')
> > console.log(f.extent)
> > {topLeft: {…}, bottomRight: {…}, projection: 'CBMTILE'}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the `<map-layer>`'s extent value:

```js
let layer = document.querySelector('map-layer');
let extent = layer.extent;
```
```

| changestyle     | Fired before the layer changes src due to user selecting alternate style in layer control |
| changeprojection | Fired before the layer changes projection due to its declared projection being not equal to that of the map |
| loadedmetadata | Fired when the metadata for a layer has loaded. The intent is that this event is analagous to the [media element loadedmetadata event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLMediaElement/loadedmetadata_event), but for map layers. |

> |  map-change   | Fired when the `checked` attribute changes state through the layer menu           |

Reviewer: I think we can do something along the lines of:

```suggestion
|  map-change   | Fired when the layer is checked or unchecked through the layer menu (by clicking or using the keyboard)           |
```
